Hi everyone. I'm Juan,
a new instructor for the AI for Trading course.
Before joining Udacity, I was doing research in
cosmology and have utilized many AI algorithms to
analyze huge data sets to extract
tiny signals hidden in astronomical data with lots of noise.
Similar techniques are using financial data to extract trading signals.
I've also helped design that Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree here at Udacity.
By now, you should be more acquainted with how natural language processing works.
So, let's apply that knowledge in our finance specific context.
In the following lessons,
we will study financial documents closely and
learn to extract features that may be useful for trading.
We're really excited to bring you engaging content
and help you succeed in this course. So, let's get started.